hey bro you wanna see me flex my butt
muscles oh shut up yeah throw the ball
will do I look ready to party or war
Oh God that outfit is hideous when will
he get mad at me if I tell the truth
ah screw it we're all friends here the
other guy that probably tell the truth -
yeah
are you kidding you got freaking moon
boots you got three pop collars and you
got a long-sleeve shirt under a t-shirt
I mean why are you stuck in the friggin
90s or what
and something like this ever happened to
you don't worry I'm here to help George
George science has taught us that being
manly is essential to keeping our
penises from falling up trust me it
happened to my uncle when he watched the
notebook four times in a row today I'll
teach you how to stay mainly around your
guy friends because the second your bros
find out that you're lacking manliness
they'll devour you like a pack of hungry
hungry hippo all right let's be real
here guys the new One Direction song
isn't that bad right
one of the most sensitive subjects
between Bros is how they complement each
other give them a compliment that is
positive but doesn't make it sound like
you want to give them a little heat to
their meat how are you oh you look
fabulous
I would tap that you look like an ugly
piece of shit you look like a hot piece
of ass what I mean you look like Spock's
naked ass oh thank you the same thing
bro yeah Oh your nipples are hard bro
how people perceive you is very
important as much as you may love your
girlfriend
you can't show any of that crap in front
of your guy friends never love you I
want to name our baby Bern ah it's a
girl it's a pro hey just this is my
stupid girlfriend being a stupid girl
yeah girls are stupid
yeah body language is a big deal let's
say you're hanging out at the club and
you're single and ready to mingle
it may be comfortable to sit like this
yeah but if you cross your legs like
that you're just screaming I'm a little
girly girl and I wish I was at a tampon
party
Thanks here's some manly ways to stick
the gigantic genitalia the nighties
heartthrob The Gargoyle the overdone
meme from 2011 the doggy style the air
chair and finally the reversal if you've
sat in one of these manly ways chances
are you've attracted a lot of hot smokin
babes
now comes the ultimate test of your
manliness Nansen so make sure you use
only the most manliest moves possible
like these the minor seizure the runner
look creepy molester the Dookie Brown
the Chris Brown seriously that guy the
neighbor the Dick Cheney
oh sorry thought you were a bird the
Cheney day or the pay a black guy to
dance for you and as everyone knows the
best way to acquire manliness is to
absorb it from another man allow me to
demonstrate know that what I just wanted
to suck out your manliness ah well
that's it for today's lesson join me
next time for guys guide to escaping a
police car that wing